gh-114315: Make `threading.Lock` a real class, not a factory function (#114479)
python/cpython: Doc/library/threading.rst

   lock, subsequent attempts to acquire it block, until it is released; any
   thread may release it.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.13

>       Prior to 3.13 ``Lock`` actually used to be a factory
>       function which returned an instance
>       of the most efficient version of the concrete Lock class that is supported
>       by the platform.

Reviewer: First say what it is now, then say what it used to be:

```suggestion
      ``Lock`` is now a class. In earlier Python versions,
      ``Lock`` used to be a factory function which returned an instance
      of the most efficient version of the concrete Lock class that is supported
      by the platform.
```
